ASB-32862 Remove ML/BERT code, documentation, and tests (#93)
spacetelescope/bibcat: README.md

Reviewer: Would you use another config parameter example instead of  the block in Line 124-5 below? `name_model` was used for the BERT method and should be deleted.
```
  output:
  name_model: my_new_model
```

Reviewer: Please update line 174
> for classifying papers, run `bibcat train --help`.

to something like

>related to LLM, run  `bibcat llm --help`.

pip install -e . # install editable mode
```

### Spacy model downloads

> *Note that some core tests using `spacy` could fail if the version number is not `3.7.2`. You could reinstall `pip install spacy==3.7.2` if that happens. This is a work-around solution until we have the capacity to update the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
spaCy is a Python library that provides efficient NLP tools for text preprocessing, including tokenization, tagging, and named entity recognition.

*Note: Some core tests that use spaCy may fail if the version is not 3.7.2. If this happens, you can reinstall it with pip install spacy==3.7.2. This is a temporary workaround until we have the capacity to update the tests.*
```

> This model is used for identifying the mission:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This model is used for processing the input text, which is then analyzed further to identify the mission keywords:
```
